# What did I learn?

In this course I really learned a lot about android development. I got a
better idea of how it differs from regular web development, and about its
tooling. Since I am very new to android development I also learned about the
new tools by google called Jetpack Compose, which they recommend as a way to
standardize functions across a lot of apps, this course focused mainly on the
Jetpack Compose part of it which is a declarative UI system (I found it in
some ways very similar to react).

I also learned to program in the Kotlin language, which is similar
to other languages I used before, but has some interesting modifications
which make it a lot faster and easier to write code, for example lambdas and
passing functions as parameters is really cool in Kotlin.

This course was very practical and I did a lot of coding. In the course I
followed the instructor when we coded 4/5 bigger projects and some small
ones (see source code of all projects, and some exercises on Github, linked below). It is from this that I learned the most, because I could see how the
instructor solved problems and how he thought about the code. I also
sometimes tried to go ahead and program features on my own and I often ran
into real issues I then could fix with the course video.

So to be more specific, I repeated what I learned this year about the MVVM
pattern in app development, but now implemented with a different technology.
I learned about Coil android dependency to show, download, modify images in
native android apps. I also learned about Firebase authentication for android
apps and about Room embedded database. All while also coding a lot and
learning about the best practices and how to structure the code in a clean
manner.

It was a long course to follow, but in the end I am happy with the experience
I got and the skills I learned. I am now able to create a full android app
using the modern, recommended technology: Jetpack Compose.
